Refactor the Query DSL section (#2904)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _opensearch/query-dsl/term.md

# Term-level queries

> Term-level queries search an index for documents that contain an exact search term. Documents returned by a term-level query are not sorted by their relevance scores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Term-level queries search an index for documents that contain an exact search term. Documents returned by a term-level query are not sorted by relevance score.
```

> When working with text data, use term-level queries for fields mapped as `keyword` only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with text data, only use term-level queries for fields mapped as `keyword`.
```

Term-level queries are not suited for searching analyzed text fields. To return analyzed fields, use a [full-text query]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/query-dsl/full-text).

## Term-level query types

The following table lists all term-level query types.

| Query type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---

> [`term`](#term) | Searches for documents with an exact term in a specific field.

Reviewer: Entire table: Change "with" to "containing".

[`terms`](#terms) | Searches for documents with one or more terms in a specific field.
[`terms_set`](#terms-set) | Searches for documents that match a minimum number of terms in a specific field.
[`ids`](#ids) | Searches for documents by document ID.
[`range`](#range) | Searches for documents with field values in a specific range.
[`prefix`](#prefix) | Searches for documents with terms that begin with a specific prefix.
[`exists`](#exists) | Searches for documents with any indexed value in a specific field.
[`fuzzy`](#fuzzy) | Searches for documents with terms that are similar to the search term within the maximum allowed [Levenshtein distance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Levenshtein_distance). The Levenshtein distance measures the number of one-character changes needed to change one term to another term.
[`wildcard`](#wildcard) | Searches for documents with terms that match a wildcard pattern. 
[`regexp`](#regexp) | Searches for documents with terms that match a regular expression.

## Term

> Use the `term` query to search for an exact term in a field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `term` query to search for an exact term in a field:
```

```json
GET shakespeare/_search
{
  "query": {
    "term": {
      "line_id": {
        "value": "61809"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Terms

> Use the `terms` query to search for multiple terms in the same field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `terms` query to search for multiple terms in the same field:
```

```json
GET shakespeare/_search
{
  "query": {
    "terms": {
      "line_id": [
        "61809",
        "61810"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> You get back documents that match any of the terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The results contain documents that match any of the terms.
```

## Terms set

> With a terms set query, you can search for documents that match a minimum number of exact terms in a specified field. The `terms_set` query is similar to the `terms` query, but you can specify the minimum number of matching terms that are required to return a document. You can specify this number either in a field in the index or with a script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a terms set query, you can search for documents that match a minimum number of exact terms in a specified field. The `terms_set` query is similar to the `terms` query, but you can specify the minimum number of matching terms that are required to return a document. You can specify this number either in a field in the index or by using a script.
```

> As an example, consider an index that contains students with classes they have taken. When setting up the mapping for this index, you need to provide a [numeric]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/supported-field-types/numeric) field that specifies the minimum number of matching terms that are required to return a document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, consider an index that contains student names and classes the students have taken. When setting up the mapping for this index, you need to provide a [numeric]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/supported-field-types/numeric) field that specifies the minimum number of matching terms that are required to return a document:
```

```json
PUT students
{
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "name": {
        "type": "keyword"
      },
      "classes": {
        "type": "keyword"
      },
      "min_required": {
        "type": "integer"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Next, index two documents that correspond to students:

Reviewer: "that correspond to student names"?

```json
PUT students/_doc/1
{
  "name": "Mary Major",
  "classes": [ "CS101", "CS102", "MATH101" ],
  "min_required": 2
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

```json
PUT students/_doc/2
{
  "name": "John Doe",
  "classes": [ "CS101", "MATH101", "ENG101" ],
  "min_required": 2
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Now search for students who have taken at least two of the following classes: `CS101`, `CS102`, `MATH101`:

```json
GET students/_search
{
  "query": {
    "terms_set": {
      "classes": {
        "terms": [ "CS101", "CS102", "MATH101" ],
        "minimum_should_match_field": "min_required"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The response contains both students:

Reviewer: "contains both student names" (the response can't literally contain the students)?

  },
  "hits" : {
    "total" : {
      "value" : 2,
      "relation" : "eq"
    },
    "max_score" : 1.4544616,
    "hits" : [
      {
        "_index" : "students",
        "_id" : "1",
        "_score" : 1.4544616,
        "_source" : {
          "name" : "Mary Major",
          "classes" : [
            "CS101",
            "CS102",
            "MATH101"
          ],
          "min_required" : 2
        }
      },
      {
        "_index" : "students",
        "_id" : "2",
        "_score" : 0.5013843,
        "_source" : {
          "name" : "John Doe",
          "classes" : [
            "CS101",
            "MATH101",
            "ENG101"
          ],
          "min_required" : 2
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> To specify the minimum number of terms a document should match with a script, provide the script in the `minimum_should_match_script` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify the minimum number of terms a document should match by using a script, provide the script in the `minimum_should_match_script` field:
```

  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Fuzzy

> A fuzzy query searches for documents with terms that are similar to the search term within the maximum allowed [Levenshtein distance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Levenshtein_distance). The Levenshtein distance measures the number of one-character changes needed to change one term to another term. These changes include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fuzzy query searches for documents with terms that are similar to the search term within the maximum allowed [Levenshtein distance](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Levenshtein_distance). The Levenshtein distance measures the number of one-character changes needed to change one term to another term. These changes include the following:
```

- Replacements: **c**at to **b**at
- Insertions: cat to cat**s**
- Deletions: **c**at to at
- Transpositions: **ca**t to **ac**t

> A fuzzy query creates a list of all possible expansions of the search term that fall within the Levenshtein distance. You can specify the maximum number of such expansions in the `max_expansions` field. Then is searches for documents that match any of the expansions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fuzzy query creates a list of all possible expansions of the search term that fall within the Levenshtein distance. You can specify the maximum number of such expansions in the `max_expansions` field. It then searches for documents that match any of the expansions.
```

The following example query searches for the speaker `HALET` (misspelled `HAMLET`). The maximum edit distance is not specified, so the default `AUTO` edit distance is used:

```json
GET shakespeare/_search
{
  "query": {
    "fuzzy": {
      "speaker": {
        "value": "HALET"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The response contains all documents where `HAMLET` is the speaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response contains all documents in which `HAMLET` is the speaker.
```
